Initial release of Illusion of Labyrinth (#8506)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/merchants/enchan_illusion_dungeons.txt

		next;
		mes "[Esmeralda]";
		mes "I'm thinking of doing something like equipment upgrade service near the entrance. Of course, you will receive Illusion Stone and various materials as payment.";
		next;
		mes "[Esmeralda]";
		mes "I think that if I work hard for a few months, I will soon have enough money to revive my guild members.";
		mes "This is probably the best for now.";
		next;
		select( "Is that all it is?" );
		mes "[Esmeralda]";
		mes "Well... there are countless other places to put money. I will skip explaining it in detail.";
		next;
		mes "[Esmeralda]";
		mes "Anyway, next time I come, will I see you as a customer and vendor? Please continue to take good care of me.";
		close2;
		setquest 12492;
		completequest 12492;
		end;
	}
	mes "[Esmeralda]";
	mes "If you have the equipment listed below, you can upgrade it with items obtained from the Illusion of Labyrinth.";
	next;
	if (select( "Cancel", "View illusion upgrade equipment." ) == 1) {
		mes "[Esmeralda]";
		mes "All right. Please stop by again next time.";
		close;
	}
	mes "[Esmeralda]";

> 	mes "Please note that if the equipment you wish to upgrade contains the effects of a card or enchantment, it will be destroyed^000000 when used as a ^ff0000 material.";

Reviewer: I don't know if it's in the right place, but it was wrong.
```suggestion
	mes "Please note that if the equipment you wish to upgrade contains the effects of a card or enchantment, ^ff0000it will be destroyed^000000 when used as a material.";
```
